All right welcome back my students so I opened up middleware and that's where I want you to be because
that's where we're going to be learning about sessions and I have gone to home controller and I have
inserted requests in this request variable.
So when you go to Home controller are going to find this method empty like this.
Right.
It's parameters.
All right.
So insert requests in the requests variable.
We're going to do some depend.
So in some injection there.
Cool.
All right so the way that we're going to access our sessions or the way we're going to create them or
set them is by using the one of these ways is by using the requests so we could say request session
because that's a method of that class and now we can set it and I'm going to set this one and I say
Edwyn and I'm going to give it a value of instructor.
All right.
Or let's give it a little better value.
Instructor.
All right cool.
So let's go to our home for Slash home.
All right enter.
All right.
Going to take is there because we cannot be there unless we are logged in.
But as a matter of fact.
Yeah that's fine.
It's Logan.
That's OK.
We will again.
Right.
And so there we go.
All right so now automatically we have set a session and we turn to view.
So let's actually make all this blank and return and reading.
All right so we're going to read it now.
So we're going to create We're going to follow the crowd create read of they in the league.
All right.
So let's read it now.
So I'm going to come in this now and I'm going to read it.
So I'm going to add this again session.
And we're going to use another mentor called get and we're going to get Ed doing when the ad says is
by the quay going to Ecuador right away.
All right cool.
So
all right then
right.
That should have gave me the one unless I have this backwards.
The shooter gave me that.
And the value will be because I gave it a key of Edwin here request session.
If I gave it a value is not going to give me the key that's not going to happen.
No no.
I was right.
Uncorrect actually but for some reason.
Let's see something else.
Let's return all of them request session and let's return all session.
All right and let's see what's going on.
All right.
As you can see it has not been set in this sessions are done automatically.
You see our logon web here we have our talking here as well.
All right so we got some sessions going on we have our logging system sessions.
They're already set with the talking with remember me functionality.
But anyway.
So our session was not set here.
And the reason why this is not said because we can't satellite is we need to use the put method.
All right.
So moves my bad guys.
It's a lot of stuff to remember guys.
A lot of stuff.
Plus I don't use as much or less.
I'm really building something with you know a lot of stuff.
But anyway as you can see there it was set.
All right cool.
So the reason why I forgot to use the put is because we also have a session a global search function
that we use called session.
Without this like this.
All right.
I'll show you right now Peter.
And this is the one that I use most of the time.
Student.
But does there we go is easier as you can see.
Peter student Okay so this is a global function is available all over the place.
You don't have to have the request to to use this one.
So that's why most of the time I use this one.
All right.
All right cool.
So in this lecture here you learn how to.
And let me just fix that.
It's a really cool for you guys.
We can get that and we can use this one here for to put.
All right guys on this lecture you learn how to create sessions right in how to read them.
All right and also how to debug them just in case.
For some reason you didn't set it correctly.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next lecture where we're going to be learning
a little bit more about sessions